Add `prefer-negative-index` rule (#417)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-negative-index.md

> # Prefer `-n` over `.length - n` for `slice` and `splice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prefer negative index over `.length - index` for `String#slice()` and `String#splice()`
```

In the readme too.

> Prefer negative index over calculating from `length` for `slice` and `splice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer negative index over calculating from `.length` for `String#slice()` and `String#splice()`
```

And link to MDN for those methods.
